Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solveddatabase-design
<br>
Part 2. Database Design The project must include at least 5 tables, and should have no more than 10 tables. 1. List the entities of your database. 2. Present the business rules that determine connectivity, using the format requested for the Unit 2 Assignment. Do not give rules for links to associative entities; simply give the M:N relationship rules and the name of the associative entity you will use for that relationship. Example: Apartment – Tenant One apartment may currently be occupied by one or more tenants. (many) One tenant may occupy many apartments (but only one at a time). (many) Apartment M:N Tenant; AE: ApartmentTenant 3. Draw the ERD; copy the drawing into your Word project document.Part 1. Database Definition The purpose of this database is to keep track of pets taken in by the animal rescue group that I belong to, Another Life Animal Rescue. It will include data on pets being surrendered, where pets are being fostered, as well as information on adoptions. To keep things simple, I haven’t included medical history and vet visits or the financial aspect of those or adoption/surrender fees. I just wanted to set something up that would keep track of where pets came from, where they are housed while with us, and where they go when adopted. The database would enable us to enter information on a pet surrendered to us, ascertain if we have placed that pet before, keep track of where the pet is being fostered, and enter information when the pet has been adopted. The group would be able to pull reports of all pets currently in foster homes and available for adoption, as well as on surrenders or adoptions during a given time period. Define the purpose of the database. Who will use it, etc.? At least 6 sentences Part 2. Database Design List of Tables (Entity Types): Pet FosterHome FosterPlacement (associative) ClientFamily Adoption (associative) Surrender (associative) Business Rules: Pet – FosterHome A pet may have many foster homes (but only one at a time). A foster home may house many pets. Pet M:N FosterHome. Associative Entity: FosterPlacement ClientFamily – Pet (Adoption) A client family may adopt many pets. An pet may be adopted by many client families (but only one at a time). ClientFamily M:N Pet. Associative Entity: Adoption ClientFamily – Pet (Surrender) A client family may surrender many pets. A pet may be surrendered by many client families (but only one at a time). ClientFamily M:N Pet. Associative Entity: Surrender Question 1 Find a form on the Web and follow the bottom up database design approach. Please include the website URL and an image of this form. 1. Find all the attributes on the form. 2. Establish the dependencies (determinants). 3. Group attributes that have a common determinant into an entity type; name it. 4. Find directly-related entity type pairs. 5. Determine the connectivity for each pair. 6. Draw the ERD. 7. Review the ERD and update to be in 3NF if ERD from step 6 is not in 3NF.